A) potential CV terms for layer description / type of values:

for LC/MS (some overlap with other methods):
"raw feature value layer"
"normalized feature value layer"
"peptide with mods layer" (aggregate features for the pep having the same mod)
"peptide sequence layer" (aggregate values of all versions of this pep seq., regardless of which mod. or unmod.)
"peptide layer" (if we want to simplify the two preceding layers :-) )
"protein layer"
"group layer" or "experimental group layer" (contains e.g. means of protein values)
"fold change layer" (or even "protein fold change layer", "peptide fold change layer")
"standard deviation layer"
"ANOVA p-value layer"

for SILAC (some overlap with other methods):
"light/heavy peak value layer"
"peptide ratio layer"
"protein ratio layer" (corresponds to "protein fold change layer" of LC/MS?)
"group layer" (same as in LC/MS, but aggregating protein ratios)

for spectral counting:
"PSM count layer" (corresponds to "peptide layer" as containing peptide quantifications; no layers below this!)
"protein layer" (see above)
"group layer" (see above)
"fold change layer" (see above)
...

for iTraq (some overlap with other methods):
"reporter ion raw value layer" (one layer for each reporter mass??)
"reporter ion normalized value layer"
"peptide ratio layer"
"protein ratio layer"
...

for SRM (some overlap with other methods):
"transition XIC raw value layer" (corresponds to "peptide layer" as containing peptide quantifications; no layers below this!)
"transition XIC normalized value layer" ??
"protein layer"


for 14N/15N labeling:
TODO!

for parsing support:
"no layer above/below" for each of the above layer CV Terms


B) potential CV terms for nature / aggregation / transformation / calculation of values:
"feature intensity" / "feature area" (LC/MS)
"number of MS/MS spectra" or "PSM count" (spectral counting)
"light peak intensity" / "heavy peak intensity" and "light peak area" ?? and "heavy peak area" ?? (SILAC)
"reporter ion intensity" (and area??) (iTraq)
"chromatogram area" (SRM)

"normalization" (or specific: "Progenesis normalization" with value "normalization factor"??)
"ratio of values" (and or better or numerator/denominator?)

"sum of values"
"mean of values"
"stddev of values"
"median of values"
"max of values" / "min of values"

"t-test p-value calculation" (semantic check: only two quant values must be references, both being a "mean of values")
"ANOVA p-value calculation"(semantic check: only quant values must be references being themselves a "mean of values" each)


C) potential CV terms for meta information of StudyVariables (and if there are quasi standard setups for Assay):
"Case / Control " ( with group number?)
